# TicTacToe
#### Video Demo:  <[URL HERE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHTUo3ZJ8BM)>
#### Description:
In "project.py", I made a 2-player tic tac toe program with multiple functions, using re library and sys library. "initialize_board" function sets up an empty 3x3 grid. "display" function prints the grid to the terminal and also tells users when the game is over. Like its name, the "prompt_input" function prompts user for input during the game and after the game is complete. "place_pieces" function takes a str as its parameter and if the str is of valid input, places a piece on the grid according to the str. If the str passed to the function doesn't match the regular expression pattern, then user will be prompted again until the input matches the regular expression. The user will also be prompted again if they input a spot on the grid that is already taken. "check_finished" function checks for all possible win and ends the game if there are three of the same pieces in a line. It also ends the game if the board is filled up but no one won. The "reset" function sets all variables back to what they were at the start of the game and also calls "initalize_board" to reset the board. The "play" function contains other functions to clean up code. The "game" function contains loops that allows the game to progress. I decided to use multiple functions because it was easier to test and locate where in my code had problems. I also decided to make multiple functions to imporve readability.
In "test_project.py", I imported functions from "project.py" and made test functions.
